[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
After being exposed
to massive amounts of
radiation near Chernobyl,
Katrine Volynsky
discovered that she
had radiation in
her bone marrow.
By 17 years of age, she bled out
internally and officially died.
This event prompted
her to become
one of the most
dogged researchers
into the field of health
that I have ever encountered.
She's a virtual fountain
of useful information
on how to both detox the
body and also revitalize it.
What intrigues me most about
the research for her book,
"Staying Alive in a
Toxic World" is the focus
on the frequency of
the things we ingest.
If we can raise the
frequency of our foods,
we raise the condition
of our health.
It's so good to see you again.
I loved our last
interview on radiation
and helping to basically
chelate it out of the body.
But this is a much
broader conversation
about health in general.
Because you're the picture
of vibrant health after going
through some really horrendous
things in your youth
as a result of growing
up near Chernobyl
at a very vulnerable age.
So welcome back, first of all.
And then give a tiny
little description
of what happened to your family
at Chernobyl, just as a recap.
I know we talked about
it in our last show.
>>KATRINE VOLYNSKY: And thanks
so much for having me back.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: So,
yes, my family got
exposed to radiation
in Chernobyl.
We were right in the
area when that happened.
And for the next
seven years, we were
living in the area
in Belarus that
were getting 40% of the
fallout for the seven years
that we were living there.
And most of my family got
affected by radiation.
I've had a lot of
cancers in my family.
Everyone has some sort of issue.
Luckily, everyone is alive.
I'm very fortunate.
I, myself, did not get cancer.
I was afflicted with a little
bit of a different issue, which
is extreme anemia and a lot
of hormonal disturbances.
And growing up, I was
seeing a lot of people
around me, as well, getting
affected by radiation.
So by the time I was 17, I had
gotten into a health situation
where I had lost a lot
of blood and died--
clinically dead--
I had come back.
It wasn't my time.
And it was prompted by the
love for my grandmother
and just wanted to
be there for her.
And since then
it's been research
into how to get myself back
into health and vitality.
I didn't want to just
be moderately healthy.
Once I knew what health
really feels like,
I want to be extremely
vital and radiant.
>>REGINA: And you are.
>>VOLYNSKY: Oh, thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
I actually had people
joking, you know,
if this is what radiation looks
like, I want to have some.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Yeah, you
turned it around.
>>VOLYNSKY: It took a while.
Yeah, It took a
while to get there.
>>REGINA: And
that's a big point.
People have to understand
once you've fallen out
of a vital condition,
it does take time.
There's no magic bullet.
And when it comes down to it,
you have to educate yourself.
You have to use
some discipline, you
have to be wise in what
you choose to buy into
to restore your health.
And that's why I love your book.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, there's
definitely no magic bullet.
There's like no one pill, and
there's definitely no secret.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: You know?
It just takes time and just your
commitment to being healthy,
to your lifestyle, and
to certain practices
that you do daily that
are health building.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: And vitality
building, and that
can also spread very
easily around you
because it's so easy to teach
others to do it as well.
I found that a lot of people
in my family and my friends
have been able to take it up
quite easily once they saw
how much change it made in
me because it was so radical
when I did get healthy.
So it is inspiring,
not just for yourself,
but those others around you.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I have
a quick question.
And this is just an aside, but
because your endocrine system
was impacted and that of
probably hundreds of thousands,
if not millions of
other people, were there
fertility issues following that?
>>VOLYNSKY: Oh, definitely.
Definitely.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
What happened to the birth rates
after the exposure in Chernobyl
over the years?
>>VOLYNSKY: Well, there has
been a decline in birth rate.
And some of it was
people actually fearing
of even having children
and having birth defects.
So there was some
psychological factors in that.
Definitely a lot of children
born with birth defects.
You know, all sorts of-- you
can see a lot of documentation
about that.
And also couples not being
able to have children,
but that had taken
a while is actually
couples my age that were
exposed to this low level
radiation for a long time.
It wasn't just--
>>REGINA: Now it's
expressing itself.
>>VOLYNSKY: It wasn't that
massive radiation exposure
in one time in Chernobyl.
It was like over time, all these
radioactive particles and heavy
metals, and everything
that we were exposed to,
it just built up to a
place where a lot of people
my age can't have children.
And it's not just
in Russia, you can
see that same thing
happening here.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: And it's like
a lot of people not able
to have kids.
>>REGINA: Well, and
we forget, infertility
is representative of many other
things going on in the body.
>>KATRINE VOLYNSKY:
Absolutely, yes.
And it's not just infertility,
but massive changes
in a female
endocrine system too.
There's a lot of
women that are having
issues in that department.
And you know, I don't
know too many that don't.
And it is partly from
radioactive exposure,
we've been exposed to over time
and all the other chemicals
that we're exposed to as well.
It's not just one thing.
It's the cumulative effect.
We've just literally
been experimenting
on ourselves for
the last 100 years
while we've been
evolving industrially.
It's like, but how David Suzuki
says that our environment is
changing so rapidly that our
body has no time to catch up.
And that's why we're
having so many issues
in our society with health.
>>REGINA: Because
we're being introduced
to so many man-made toxins.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
And we are also forgetting
what is nature giving us.
We have been living in
very unnatural conditions.
We sit in front of a
computer, we're looking at TV,
we don't have connection to
earth, we don't work barefeet,
our children don't know where
the food is coming from.
Like I had a client
that was my age
and I was saying how my
cat brought a mouse over
and she looked at me and
she had this puzzled look,
she goes, oh, that's why Tom
was always running after Jerry.
She had no idea.
>>REGINA: In the cartoons?
>>KATRINE VOLYNSKY:
Yeah, she had no idea.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: She didn't
know chase mice.
>>VOLYNSKY: How crazy is that?
But that's how disconnected.
It's just living in this
completely mental digital space
that has disconnected us with
our own innate intelligence
and innate intelligence
of the nature.
Like it's simple things, all
the things that I teach people.
They are simple things.
And they take a little
bit of rewiring back
to what is natural anyway.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
And it is.
Everything in the book,
"Staying Alive in a Toxic World"
is very practical,
very approachable.
There's nothing in there that
one can't do if you choose to.
It's not like you have to go
out to an expensive clinic
to reboot.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely not.
>>REGINA: You just
start one day at a time,
changing one little
thing at a time.
One other thing you talked
about is the explosion
of certain chronic conditions
such as obesity and, moreso
even, inflammatory
diseases which
seems to be at
the base of almost
every single chronic disease.
And medicine isolates one
thing, one factor, one nutrient,
and focuses on one
inflammatory disease,
but in fact, it's all connected.
>>VOLYNSKY: It's
absolutely all connected.
And we have also diabetes,
that's a huge one.
There's a lot of
undiagnosed diabetes.
One of the doctors I
really admire, Mark Hyman
talks about it--
>>REGINA: Mark Hyman yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: --yeah
that how there's so
many people in
pre-diabetic conditions
and they have no idea
because they're seemingly OK.
>>REGINA: Huge percentage
of the population.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
And that's all a combination,
again, of all those factors
is food devoid of nutrients.
Absolutely.
And not having enough
hydration, not moving enough,
having a lot of toxic
substances in our diet.
Whether it is consciously
or unconsciously.
Some recreation drugs,
sometimes chemtrails,
you can't control that.
It's there.
If you think they're not
there, they're there.
I do hair analysis and every
day I see the aluminum levels,
there's no way.
It's just part of living here.
>>REGINA: We've done a couple
shows and it's definitely
worth people looking into,
if you haven't already.
Watch the shows we did on
chemtrails because this
a new fact of life.
It doesn't really matter
where in the world you are.
It used to be only
certain countries,
but now there is seldom you
can go to a country, maybe
a small island with
certain breezes, where
you don't find chemtrails.
Which we're talking aluminum,
barium, and strontium which
is raining down upon us
in the form of clouds,
hydration rain, and
such all the time.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
It's there.
And I don't get into deals why.
The point is it's
here and we have
to learn how to deal with it.
Same with pesticides,
same with fertilizers.
They're there.
We've been using them.
they're still in the soil,
there's a lot of
commercial products
that people are still using.
Organics have come a long way.
You can see just how many Whole
Foods are around nowadays,
right?
You see how much have
grown the whole movement
and purchasing your products
at a farmer's market, that's
a really good way to control it.
But still, you still
get a lot of residues
even through your waters.
Through your water that you're
bathing in because there
is residues of those fertilizers
and parts of medical drugs
that are in the
water that you're
absorbing through your skin.
So you can't control
all of those toxins.
>>REGINA: You can't.
>>VOLYNSKY: You can't.
You can do the best you can.
You can eat organically, if
you can, if you can afford it.
you can get a good
filter on your tap,
you can put an air
filter, but you still
can't control what you're going
to get exposed to out there.
And what I talk about
it, there is no need
to get angry about it.
Yes, it is unfair
that it's happening,
but it's part of evolution.
It's like, yes, it's
not good that we've
been kind of experimenting
on ourselves,
but we also have come a
long way in our technology
and our ability.
>>REGINA: To clean it up.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah,
to clean it up, too.
>>REGINA: And one thing about
you that I find so interesting
is we were talking off
camera about you had bought
some organic produce
from the farmer's market
and then when you washed
it that way you do,
it had this kind of oily,
yellowish, little fat globules
floating to the surface.
So most people would say, oh,
there's something on there.
So you don't-- you skim
it, you take it to the lab,
you take everything
to the laboratory,
and find out what's on
there, and then go and talk
to the farmer.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You just
said this is organic.
So you take everything
to the extreme
to find out the truth
of what's going.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah,
I'm a truth seeker.
I want to know what's happening
so I can help people better
understand the
situation and how they
can help their bodies
to deal with anything.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about the choice
that we all have to make.
And this is one that most of
us essentially default in.
We don't really choose.
Most people instead of
choosing vibrant health
are choosing to stay alive.
And you talk about
this in your book.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes.
So we have a huge population
that are living in this haze,
basically.
>>REGINA: A haze?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, it is a haze.
It's a brain fog.
And we think, like,
I did not know
what healthy was
until I got healthy.
When I was in my twenties, and
I had all these hormonal issues
and all those things, I
thought that was normal.
Because, like, I thought that
not going to the bathroom
was normal.
Things like that.
Like silly stuff like
that because everyone else
thinks that that is normal.
But once you get really
vibrant, really healthy,
you know the difference.
And you see those people.
They are sparking up.
Like the room is
electrical around them.
There's this spark in their
eyes and there's vibration,
you can feel it and they have
all this energy and ability
to be in a state
of hyperactivity
and just be very
aware and conscious.
Part of it comes from choosing
to be in that vibrant state.
And that is not most of
the population we see.
We dumb ourselves down with
a lot of different things.
You know?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Now, your writing partner
in this, Wade Lightheart,
how did you come
together and what
was his specialty in
terms of expertise
he brought to the table,
and how did you create this?
>>VOLYNSKY: Well, Wade has
been my partner in crime
how I call it, he's
been my researcher body.
I actually met him
for the first time
when I was looking for
solutions for my health
and I knew I needed
some physical activity.
And I was trying all
the different trainers
around my city.
And I ended up meeting him
and he was very different
because he had that
vibrancy around him.
And he's a very
positive, amazing person.
So while I was going
through my health crisis
and trying to figure
out how to heal myself,
he was going through
his own health crisis.
He was a vegan bodybuilder--
>>REGINA: That's difficult.
>>VOLYNSKY: That's
very difficult.
>>REGINA: That presents
some challenges.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah and
he's also a champion.
He's a national champion.
It takes a while to
get to that level.
He's also very
interested in health
because his own sister
had died from cancer
when she was very young.
And so he saw what
going the medical route
can do to a person.
He really didn't
want to be there
and he wanted others not to have
that situation basically forced
on them.
>>REGINA: Right
>>VOLYNSKY: So while I
was trying to get better,
he was also trying to heal
his body from crazy amounts
of dieting and getting ready
for body-building shows.
And basically going on
massive acidic state
and completely
crashing his system.
So we've been friends for
almost 10 years and a lot
of the research we
have done together.
A lot of experimentation on
ourselves we've done together,
so it was kind of natural
for us to come together
to write this book and also
to teach because we both bring
different parts to the equation.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
the one thing you just
talked about there
is a lot of movement.
He was into his body, he
was into body-building,
you're really big
into movement as well.
And that seems to be a
big point of resistance
for a lot of people.
Because we're kind
of running so fast,
we're running right
past our own lives
and forgetting
that we have a body
because our world has become
extraordinarily mental.
Everything seems to take
place on the mental plane.
So let's talk about some
of the simple things
that you talk about
in the book, I love,
which is combining breath
work with simply walking,
but also what happens
biochemically when we move.
Why we have to move to
have vibrant health.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So one of the most important
things you can do for health
is simply breathe.
And not breathe shallow
like we usually do.
Because most of us don't
get enough breath out
of our diaphragm.
>>REGINA: We're
barely breathing.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
But our number one
nutrient is oxygen, right?
You can go without
food for a long time,
you can go without
water for a long time.
How long can you
go without breath?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: Not so
long, but a lot of us
don't understand how important
it is to breathe deeply
to be able to
detoxify your system.
To move the toxins out and
to bring the nutrients in.
And when you combine those
deep breathing practices
with exercise, you know,
like simply walking and doing
what I call the
10/10/10 breathing.
So for 10, you're inhaling for--
>>REGINA: 10 counts.
>>VOLYNSKY: 10 counts.
>>REGINA: You're inhaling
while you're walking.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes,
10 you're holding,
and 10 you're breathing out.
So that whole thing is
energizing your body.
You're getting oxygen,
you're getting movement.
The cells get this
pumping action
of being able to
move the toxins out.
And that's another
interesting thing.
In our society, we
focus a lot what
we're putting into our body.
Like even the
nutritional industry
is all about this super
food, and that super food
and this and that.
And not focusing enough
of moving things out.
It's kind of becoming a little
bit more prominent to cleanse.
And I'm not a big fan
of it, but there's
lots of cleanses in the boxes.
And for a lot of people it
just becomes a real quick fix
of, I'm just going to do
whatever I want and then I'm--
>>REGINA: And for
some people it's
actually harsh and
even dangerous.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly and
then they just go and water
and these herbs and just
basically, you know--
>>REGINA: Strip their system
of everything, good and bad.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
And that's not the way to do it.
Simply doing for a couple
minutes that's walking
and breathing will move more
toxins out of your system,
than you would be able to get
with those supplements and --
>>REGINA: Yes yes, yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: And not
drinking and actually you're
doing damage to your
metabolic system.
So air is the most important.
We have this awesome formula,
how we call it, air water.
Next thing is exercise and
I kind of skipped water,
but water is also
very important.
>>REGINA: Well, let's,
before we leave exercise,
you're really big and so
are others on rebounding.
>>VOLYNSKY: Oh, absolutely.
Rebounding.
Things have to be easy for
us to be able to do it.
So we weren't even
talking about it,
what do you do
when you're so busy
and you have so many
things, and you wake up
and you have your brain
already focused on your day
and you don't have
enough time to move?
So rebounding is one of
the most amazing quick ways
to get your whole
system charged up,
moving, and moving
the lymphatic system.
Lymphatic system is bigger
than your blood system,
it's kind of like
your sewage basically.
And we just simply
don't move it.
>>REGINA: And now we have this
clogged up lymphatic system.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
And interestingly enough,
it's been discovered by NASA
that rebounding-- they were
using it for their astronauts
when they were coming
back from space,
they were actually
using rebounding action
to get their motion
back into their body
to recondition their system.
Rebounding has two forces.
And rebounding is
jumping on a trampoline,
for those who don't understand.
That's a mini trampoline.
So jumping on a trampoline and
you have two forces working.
You have acceleration and
you also have gravity.
And it's literally like
a pump in every cell.
So you're not just
exercising one muscle,
you're exercising
every cell in your body
by moving the liquids out
and moving the toxins out
and bringing the oxygen and
nutrients and the good water
in.
So in 15 minutes, you can do
more than most other people can
do in half an hour
walking on the rebounder.
Because you've got those
two opposing forces
basically moving every
cell in your body.
And it's pretty easy to do.
It's at your home, it can
only take 10 to 15 minutes,
that's the maximum
you want to do.
You can go as hard
as you want, you
can really go crazy
and do running,
all sorts of different--
>>REGINA: Or you
can just bounce.
>>VOLYNSKY: --tricks.
Bounce, yeah.
>>REGINA: You mentioned
water and I backed you
up into rebounding.
So let's talk about
the quality of water.
For anyone that might still
be drinking out of the tap.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes, tap.
[LAUGHTER]
For anyone who is
drinking out of the tap,
I highly recommend
that you don't do that.
Our water supply is
really contaminated.
Most of the supply, and
unless you have artesian well,
you've got fluoride,
you've got bromine,
you have all sorts of
what's called halogens which
is blocking your body's
ability to absorb iodine,
which we've talked about before.
Very important.
And it's very detrimental
on your health
and you're getting
a lot of it when
you're drinking it in the water.
Because they have to
put it in the water,
that's the regulations.
Right?
And also water is a very
interesting subject.
We could do like probably
hours and hours on it.
There's all this
new research talking
about the structure
of the water, too.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: It picks up
in the energy, right?
>>REGINA: And that's kind of
where Patrick Flanagan's work
comes in with Mega H
and I know that's been--
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --a lot of science
has been done on Mega H.
>>VOLYNSKY: So we got the
one point is chemically,
how chemically
clean the water is.
Right?
You don't want all those
contaminants in there.
So you want it to be clean, free
of contaminants, number one.
Then you have second,
what is your water,
how is it structured?
You know like how
absorbable it is.
Because a lot of the water
that's coming through the tap
or it's been sitting
in water bottles,
your body can't absorb really
well because your body has
this little protein
that's called aquaporins.
That are kind of like gates.
They let the water in and out.
And they're small.
So when you have water
that's come in your body,
that's been sitting for a
long time in the bottle,
or travelled through right
angles in our plumbing system,
it's bunched up in
these big clusters.
Because of hydrogen bonding.
Because water is never just H2O.
It's water and a whole
bunch of other things.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>VOLYNSKY: It's a
liquid with stuff in it.
>>REGINA: It has a clustering
structure that's changing.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, it's changing.
>>REGINA: But when it's
stagnant like that,
it's interesting because I don't
drink bottled water very often.
But when I do, my stomach
doesn't feel right
and I don't feel right.
It doesn't feel good.
It gives me an acidic
kind of stomach for one.
>>VOLYNSKY: Well,
one of the reasons
is because it's not as
bioavailable because it's
in those big clusters that your
body can't absorb very well.
That's why if you drink a whole
bunch of water on a hot day,
you'll feel it sloshing
in your stomach.
Water that has been
microclustered,
and that's what
Patrick Flanagan talks
about, he was the first one to
deal with the microclustering
research--
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>VOLYNSKY: --is the water
that's separated into small
clusters, small enough for your
aquaporins, those proteins,
to be able to bring it in--
>>REGINA: And making
hydrogen available to you.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah to
bring it into the cell
and move the toxins out.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: So for a long
time, there was this thought
that water just kind of
goes in and out of the cell,
but it's not.
>>REGINA: No, and his product,
that's been available,
gosh, he created that what,
15, 20 years ago, anyway.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely, yeah.
>>REGINA: And it's is
called Mega H, Megahydrin,
you can go online.
>>VOLYNSKY: Well,
he's got two products.
One's called Crystal
Energy, that's the one--
>>REGINA: In a liquid form.
Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
That makes the surface
of water tensions
lower and small clusters.
And he also has another
one called Mega Hydrate.
And that is a product that makes
hydrogen available in water
in a form that's
called active hydrogen.
It's hydrogen with
an extra electron.
And it's a primordial
antioxidant.
It's in everything.
>>REGINA: Well,
his inspiration was
off the Hunza water and some of
the other waters of Vilcabamba.
What was it that was making
these waters so incredibly
charged and active
that it was creating
almost a reversal of aging
effect in the populations.
Or a lack of degeneration.
So anyway, if anyone
wants to look,
you can look that up online.
There's a lot of science on it.
>>VOLYNSKY: And
it was a huge part
of my own protocol for recovery.
I was actually using his
Mega Hydrate to get better.
Because part of the recovery
to get your DNA back,
you know, basically,
and help yourself
of this free radical
damage is to get those
electrons for your body
to be able to repair.
And Mega Hydrate provided it
for me in massive quantities.
Like my body wasn't able
to get this much electrons
from food from antioxidants.
But because Mega Hydrate
is readily available.
Another way of
doing this, there's
actually a lot of
ionizers on the market.
And they create
charged, ionized water.
Also has a whole bunch
of electrons in it
that your body can
use very easily.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>VOLYNSKY: For
the same process.
>>REGINA: And people can
look up these ionizers.
>>VOLYNSKY: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Kangen and Alkalife,
there are a lot of them.
>>VOLYNSKY: There's a
lot of different ones.
It's just like choose one.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so water.
And a lot of-- you
drink a ton of water.
You drink--
>>VOLYNSKY: I do.
>>REGINA: You drink quarts
and quarts in the morning.
the morning.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes.
And one of the reasons why I'm
able to drink so much water
is because my water
is micro-clustered.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: I can actually
drink a quart of water and jump
on my rebounder
and don't feel it.
The water quantity is-- a
lot of people are dehydrated.
Most of the times when
we experience hunger it's
actually dehydration.
So we recommend for people
to drink half an ounce
for every pound of body fat.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: So depending
on your weight, obviously,
the water will vary.
>>REGINA: Right.
But, again, the quality of
the water is what matters.
>>VOLYNSKY: The quality of
water is very important.
So best if it's
structured properly.
You know like add
something to it.
Put a crystal in your water.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
That can help too.
There's a lot of
restructuring devices
that are coming out from
Germany and from Russia.
There's some from
United States, as well.
Just do some research.
They all work to an extent.
They all do different things.
>>REGINA: And these are all
water structuring devices?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, all
water structuring devices.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: They
have different bases,
but they pretty much
all work the same way.
>>REGINA: And some are super
low tech and some are not.
Some are expensive.
>>VOLYNSKY: Very high tech.
It depends on your budget.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: But I
highly recommend it.
So make it clean,
make it absorbable,
and if possible, maybe
at add minerals to it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: That's kind
of my top three things.
>>REGINA: Yes.
You remineralize the body.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
And, of course,
the best thing ever
is clean spring water
if you can get that.
You get earth energies,
you get the natural water,
and you get things that you
can't get out of a machine.
>>REGINA: I know.
And you can feel the difference.
It's wonderful if
you have access.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
The next thing is sun.
I wanted to talk to
you about sunlight.
Because, of course,
it's been demonized.
The medical industry, cancer,
run, run from the sun!
But in reality,
this has always been
a critical part of not
just feeling healing,
but our absolute source
of life on this planet.
We can't live without
the effects of sunshine.
So let's talk about sun.
>>VOLYNSKY: Sun.
And the sunlight is
part of our formula.
And when we talk about
sun, we don't just
talk about exposure to sunlight.
We also explain that
all living being
is a concentration of light.
This is what we basically are.
Like space and light.
[LAUGHTER]
You know, if you go down to
like completely basic things.
>>REGINA: Oh, at
an atomic level,
it is all space and light.
>>VOLYNSKY: 99% space.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: So we've got fruits,
and vegetables, and plants
that are basically this
charged sunlight pieces.
They absorb the sun and they
materialize it and they make it
into matter.
How amazing is that?
So part of the sunlight
story is eating
things that are
grown in sunshine.
That had been able
to get that light,
and that energy in that form.
And you can take it in.
And the second part is getting
regular exposure on your skin.
Because we are light beings.
And we are meant to
have that in our system.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Absolutely.
>>VOLYNSKY: And you know, if
you start really researching,
you'll see that the
rise in skin cancer
was also proportionate to the
sales of all the different skin
products.
>>REGINA: Yeah, the sunscreens.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
And it's also not
just, I'm not saying
that it's a direct
effect of that.
It's combination of stuff
that we've been doing.
We're trying to isolate
things, as always.
>>REGINA: Also a refined diet.
Refined sugars--
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --in particular.
I remember reading
a book ages ago,
a couple decades ago about sugar
and taking in refined sugars.
And the effect on the skin.
All kinds of skin problems
resulted from that.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes
and heavy metals.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Like
all those things
are playing a part in
rising of the skin cancer.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: So
sunlight is actually
if you don't
over-expose yourself,
but expose your whole
body to it can literally
recharge the body.
The body is like a battery.
The cells are like the battery.
And you get those
biophotons from the sun.
They go straight into
the cells and recharge.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: That's why
they go on vacations.
And that's why we get recharged.
And we come back all tanned
and happy and people usually--
>>REGINA: And then sit
indoors for the next 50 weeks.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VOLYNSKY: I know.
How crazy is that?
We do stuff like that.
But even if you're not
somewhere in a tropical climate,
you can still if
it's sunny outside,
come outside and enjoy.
>>REGINA: Even
for a few minutes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Even a few minutes.
>>REGINA: Just bathe your face
in the sun for a few minutes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
It changes your whole
hormonal cascade.
You get serotonin, endorphins,
just being in the sunshine.
>>REGINA: OK, so that brings
me to a couple of things.
One of them is
we're going to talk
about the frequency of food.
I love this topic
because really it
comes down to just
frequency and energy.
That's all any of this is.
That's all.
That's all we are.
But also when you're
talking about the foods,
you actually charge some of
your foods in the sun, as well.
It's not just that they
were grown in the sun.
Before consuming, you
charge them in the sun.
Tell us about that.
>>VOLYNSKY: Well that's actually
a very old tradition that
came out from what's supposed
to be an Essene culture.
And--
>>REGINA: Essene.
>>VOLYNSKY: Essene, yes.
Essene-- there's been a lot
of research lately talking
how Jesus Christ was
part of an Essene tribe.
Right?
And they were given for
generations specific
instructions and this was in
the Essene Gospel of Peace that
was found in I guess it
was in Israel somewhere
they found this.
>>REGINA: The nagamadi.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
So basically, they were
given specific instructions
on how to be, how to
live, what to consume
to be able to conceive a being
of such light as Jesus Christ.
So you had to be a pure
vehicle to be able to do that.
So part of their way of
living is living foods.
And foods that are
charged in light.
The Essene bread is
actually a lot of bread
that's being sold
nowadays as Essene bread--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: --is basically
sprouted wheat berries
that are cooked in the sun
in a very specific way.
And they will also
have this whole history
of charging your
fruits and vegetables,
putting outside to get
those biophotons in the food
and that energy and to be
able to consume that later on.
So that's kind of
where it came from.
And you could
actually see it also
in GDV, Dr. Korotkov's device.
>>REGINA: Konstantin
Korotkov's device.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, so if you
expose something in sunlight,
you can actually see
the biophoton emission
is completely different.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: You know,
it's massively different.
>>REGINA: Massively.
And you can see this even with
Kirlian photography with foods.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes, with foods.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
Now we're getting
into the stuff I love.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, let's talk
about what certain foods look
like when you're looking
at their light spectrum
versus what other
foods look like.
And the frequency range
we should ideally stay in.
>>VOLYNSKY: So there has
been a lot of research.
Again, with Kirlian photography
and with frequencies,
of course, Rife
machines and Royal Rife.
His research goes
back into '50s where
he was trying to figure
out different frequencies
and how it affects the body.
So this particular technology
from Brian Taychi-- I
can have never pronounce
his name right.
But the technology
is called BT3.
It's a device that is
measuring a megahertz
output in human body,
in food, in anything
that's basically alive.
You know, has enzymes in it.
So he had found that
on average, people
that are healthy range
between 62 to 68 megahertz.
That's the frequency
they vibrate at.
And then he also separated like
the brain, and the descending
colon, they all vibrate
at different rates.
Like the brain, for
example, is usually highest.
It's between like
it's in high 70s.
It's like 75 to 80.
That's how the brain
is vibrating at.
And then he was
also looking at what
diseased state looked like.
When body would be getting
close to 20 megahertz,
that's usually the start of
the disease condition of death.
You know that
death would follow.
People at 45 megahertz
were getting Candida.
So he was actually
getting really
specific in all those
different things.
And he goes like, OK, well,
if we have these frequencies,
let's see what can help
us and look at the foods.
Foods, and how prayer changes
how our thoughts and beliefs,
and how things
like essential oils
can change our body
as well, if there's
a frequency embedded into it.
And it would make sense that
if you are at a low frequency,
if you do something that's
a little bit higher,
it will bring you
back into balance.
So he found that most
of fresh tree fruits
were vibrating at
about 80 megahertz.
>>REGINA: Most tree fruits?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
Most tree fruits were
vibrating around 80 megahertz.
And all the fresh fruits were
vibrating at a very high state.
Like anywhere from 30 to 80.
There's like-- there's vibrates,
obviously different ones.
>>REGINA: Well, let me
ask you while we're on it,
root vegetables.
Things that are growing in the
earth, what frequency range
they do they tend to vibrate at?
>>VOLYNSKY: They will
go between the 40 to 75.
>>REGINA: OK
>>VOLYNSKY: So there's
different ones.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: You know, like
and they're all helpful.
And the interesting
thing too, even
the animal products that are say
between the 45 to 50 megahertz,
but then he was looking,
OK, let's look at the colon.
The colon is between
actually 50 to 55.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: So there's
certain things,
you can see how you can use
certain things for healing
certain parts depending
on the frequency of them.
Like how they work together.
And there's other
things that they
were doing that was
very interesting.
They would have one
subject drink coffee
and he would be at
75 megahertz and then
his frequency would drop
down to 66 megahertz.
Then he would inhale
an essential oil
and his frequency in within
30 seconds will go back up.
>>REGINA: Essential oils are
very, very high in frequency.
>>VOLYNSKY: Extremely high.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: And then
they did another control
subject did the same thing.
Drank the same coffee,
but didn't inhale.
His frequency did come back
to where it was before,
but it took three days.
>>REGINA: Interesting
>>VOLYNSKY: Interesting.
It's like all this kind of
like little minute things.
You know?
So same with prayer.
They found that just by
praying and by focusing
on positive things,
you would go up
50 megahertz in your vibration.
>>REGINA: Wow.
And you actually have
some illustrations
of this in your book.
One in particular,
side by side, sprouted
lentils and their light output.
And then you have
hamburger next to it
which you can't really
see a lot of light
coming out of the hamburger.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah,
commercial foods are all
coming like almost close to like
one, two, three, like very low.
Very dense.
Just there's not much
health and light.
And you can see it too.
>>REGINA: So this
is really the basis.
Even though it may not
be explained that way,
that is the basis of
the raw food movement.
Because you said the
key word earlier.
Anything that's living
has active enzymes in it.
And so enzymes are
another really big part
of the protocol.
And also the lifting
of the frequencies.
Let's talk-- that's
your favorite subject.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Enzymes
and probiotics.
Let's talk about.
>>VOLYNSKY: Well,
the enzymes were
a huge part of my own recovery.
Before I found
enzymatic therapy,
I was basically making
one step forward,
two steps back with all
of my detox and practices.
And finally, I found a gentleman
by the name of Dr. Michael
O'Brien who had done a lot
of research on this enzymes
and he's just one of
the most amazing beings.
And he said, well,
Katrine, your enzymes
are all wiped out
because of radiation.
Because your body's
been trying so hard
to remediate what's happened
to you and to rebuild.
There is no workers
left in your body.
So you have to put
the workers back in.
So enzymes are like the workers.
They do everything in the body.
If you have minerals like
calcium or vitamins, vitamin D,
they are like the
building blocks.
Amino acid's the building
blocks of the body.
The enzymes are the workers
that put everything into places.
So the analogy is
if you have a house
and you brought all
the materials down
and come back in a week
later, nothing is happening.
Why is nothing happening?
No workers.
>>REGINA: No workers.
So are you talking
about systemic enzymes
at this point or
digestive enzymes?
>>VOLYNSKY: It's actually both.
>>REGINA: Both?
OK.
>>VOLYNSKY: Systemic
and digestive.
So your body can actually
make two types of enzymes.
Digestive enzymes or
metabolic enzymes.
So it can either choose to use
its reserves to digest things.
Or it can fix things.
Right?
The more we spend our own
enzymatic potential on foods
to digest, the less is left
for metabolic functions.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about someone
who goes to
McDonald's for lunch.
And say, if you have
a lifestyle where
you have coffee and a
bagel in the morning
and then maybe have
a hamburger or even
a low quality salad for lunch.
What is the body struggling
with there enzymatically?
>>VOLYNSKY: Oh my gosh!
[LAUGHTER]
There's like a whole
load of stuff in there.
>>REGINA: But the point is
you're stressed and challenged
from the get-go.
You really can't catch up during
the day then, I wouldn't--
>>VOLYNSKY: No, you can't.
First of all, you have
to digest all that.
Second of all, you don't
know what's in there.
All sorts of contaminants
and where it's going to go.
Most of the time, the body does
not have time to deal with it
and will put it in a
nice, little fat cell.
And say, I'll deal with
it later and guess what?
That's how we get obesity.
>>REGINA: That's how we get the
pudge around the middle too.
>>VOLYNSKY: Exactly.
And we just continue
building it and building it.
And all the time, you just
get all this toxic material
in our body.
So with those hamburgers,
again, your body
has to spend its own
enzymes to digest it.
Then there's also toxic
load on the system.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Right And it
also depends on the person.
Some people always say, well, my
grandfather was 100 years old,
and he ate this and that,
and smoked, and drank,
and-- well, he probably had a
different enzymatic potential.
Because they didn't grow up
enzymatically deficient foods.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Like my generation
is the generation that grew up
on enzymatically deficient food.
Through soil deprivation.
>>REGINA: Soil, yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Through having a
lot of those processed foods
in our diets Through having
a lot of cooked diets.
Cooked food's not enough.
Fresh, raw, vibrant
foods, and also
through not having
proper gut flora.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: So you've got all
of this happening in one person.
And the obvious consequence
of that is diabetes, obesity--
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>VOLYNSKY: Attention
Deficit Disorder,
it's all happening parallel.
>>REGINA: So you
recommend definitely
doing digestive enzymes.
First of all, to
take that load of--
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: The digestive
enzymes, by the time
you're 40 years
old, and you only
have 30% of your whole enzymatic
potential left in your body.
You just use it up over
time, so it makes sense
that it would be good to
supplement from the outside.
One of the ways to
supplement from outside
is having highly
enzymatically effective foods.
Like raw foods,
juices, fresh juices.
Fermented foods, they're
full of-- probiotics
are kind of like enzyme
packages in a way.
And also because it took us a
long way to get where we're at.
It's almost not enough
to just do that anymore.
Like in my case, I was
already doing the raw foods,
I was already doing
juicing, I was already
fasting for like
45 days on water.
But it was still not
making big progress.
>>REGINA: So you
took supplements?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes.
And I ended up to a place
where I said, OK, I actually
do need extra help.
That I have so
little enzymes left,
that I need to take digestive
enzymes to basically fill up
my bank account.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: You know, because
a lot of times, our mind
is writing checks
our body can't cash.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>VOLYNSKY: You know?
With a lot of things that
are happening nowadays.
So taking digestive
enzymes with your foods
helps you to digest
them, takes pressure off
of your metabolic enzymes,
so it can go and do
things that need to do.
And also replenishes
your bank account
if you take a lot of them too.
Your enzymatic bank account.
So there is more available
for those metabolic processes.
Because the body is very smart.
It will take digestive
enzyme and it
will make it into metabolic
if it's necessary to.
The systemic enzymes, those
are a little bit different.
Those are not usually
taken with foods.
They go--
>>REGINA: They're
taken, you're supposed
to take them not with
foods as a matter of fact.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
And those are incredible
for inflammation issues.
There's like for--
>>REGINA: For leaky gut.
>>VOLYNSKY: For leaky gut.
>>REGINA: For all
kinds of things, yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: For pain
issues and those
are just like amazing little
workers that go into the body
and clean stuff up.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: All the
undigested proteins.
>>REGINA: Necrotic tissues.
>>VOLYNSKY: Necrotic tissues.
Exactly.
They go and eat it up and
get it all out basically.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: And you can
actually feel massive changes
just by introducing
those into your protocol.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
And probiotics.
>>VOLYNSKY: Probiotics.
>>REGINA: I mean we
talked about some
of them, the fermented foods.
But if you have to go into
supplementation as well.
What do most adults
need some kind of help?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
I would say pretty much everyone
nowadays needs gut help.
>>REGINA: Gut help yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, yeah.
We do.
And it's a big topic.
Part of is gluten sensitivity.
And what had happened with us
over time and all the gluten.
I'd recommend checking out
the Gluten Free Summit.
There's a lot of
wonderful minds that
are talking about the
gut health and what
had happened over time--
>>REGINA: The Gluten
Free Summit is online,
available on YouTube?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, it's online.
It's available.
And you can listen to all
these experts, it's amazing.
It just happened and
they have it available,
so you can go check it out.
So we have all the
things that we've
been doing to ourselves over
time that have completely
changed our gut flora.
And the gut flora is necessary
to digest certain nutrients.
To give us protection from
onslaught of different viruses
and bacterias.
It's like if
enzymes are workers,
then probiotics are
soldiers in a lot of ways.
They fight a lot of things.
And then there's all these
different types of priobiotics.
There's special types of
probiotics in your gut flora
that have to do with
digestion of fats.
If you don't have
enough of those,
then you don't digest
your fats very well.
So there's all
these factors that
are kind of playing into it.
And then we also have a lot
of antibiotic use in our food
sources like dairy.
Most of the dairy nowadays,
unless it's organic,
has been exposed to antibiotics.
Antibiotics are overused
in a doctor's setting.
Most of the time that's
what they end up giving you.
And this is not the way to
go about it unless you're
in completely a place
where you absolutely need.
And there is times when you
absolutely need antibiotics--
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>VOLYNSKY: There
is no way around it.
But for like little
things, like ear infections
and this and that, you
shouldn't be using that.
So we overuse antibiotics and
we have killed our gut flora.
And it also had mutated
to a point where
we have a flora that's
resistant to antibiotics.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: So it's a huge
subject, the whole gut health.
>>REGINA: It is, yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: So
pretty much everyone
nowadays needs a good probiotic.
Especially women.
We tend to be a little bit
more sensitive than men.
It seems to be we also have
a lot of Candida issues.
>>REGINA: Candida yes.
>>VOLYNSKY:
Sensitivities to sugars.
That's a whole other topic
too, but probiotic helps a lot.
So fermented food's
amazing for that.
And by fermented foods,
I'm not saying yogurt.
That is not, unless
you made it yourself.
>>REGINA: You're talking
more like fermented cabbages,
sauerkraut, kimchis.
>>VOLYNSKY: Unless you make
your own probiotic yogurt
with coconut.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: Very easy
to just take a coconut,
blend it, add some probiotic
culture to it, let it sit.
You've got your own
probiotic yogurt.
>>REGINA: But one thing
I want to go back to here
is that at the same
time, we're talking
about the vibrancy of
all these living foods
and foods that grow on trees
and sprouted things and greens.
At the same time, there's
also a growing need for people
to start reintroducing animal
proteins into their diet
and body.
Many people are needing
through this transition
we're going through lots of
animal based protein as well.
And that's the
movement toward paleo.
And my understanding is not that
you axe out the living foods,
but that you are balancing the
need for the cooked proteins
and even cooked vegetables
with the live foods.
>>VOLYNSKY: Well, I always say,
eat according to your purpose.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: So for
most of the population,
there is a need to
go on a vegan diet
for at least certain amount
of time to clean out.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: Vegan and
especially raw food diet
or like a high percentage
of living foods,
they're really
good for cleansing.
But for most individuals,
it's impossible to stay
on that diet.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: It's just not
proper for the metabolic set up.
It's not good for our
lifestyle, for our endocrine
needs, as well, because--
>>REGINA: Endocrine, yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah,
endocrine needs.
Because we do get a lot
of exposure to stress.
Whether it's chemical or
just our fast-paced life,
there's a lot of people
with adrenal fatigue.
I deal with that a lot.
Adrenal fatigue and
adrenal exhaustion.
And a lot of times, you
can't build the body back up
with just living foods.
>>REGINA: Right.
You need the proteins.
>>VOLYNSKY: So that's
when you need the proteins
from and fats.
Also fats are very important.
Are very important animal,
good, high quality fats.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: Like butter.
And we've been told
to fear butter.
>>REGINA: I know.
>>VOLYNSKY: And butter is
actually, when it's grassfed
and or if can be raw or ghee.
It's an amazing building block.
Your brain is, for example,
is mostly water and fat.
And you need it.
So it's finding
that perfect balance
and when I work with
people, I always
say there's three different
cycles that your body is in.
You're either feeding
the body so you
can get to place
where you can cleanse.
Or you're cleansing
the body because you've
got so much stuff and you
need to get some stuff out.
Or you're building.
You're building a new structure.
So depending on
where you're at, you
start in different--
there's different diets.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that's a
very good distinction to make.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah, but
for most of individuals,
if they cut out gluten and
dairy and introduce more living
foods, they will feel a massive
shift in their health if they
live in like normal standard--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>VOLYNSKY: --American diet.
And then once
you've cleansed out
and once you're in a
good balanced state,
you can reintroduce
those animal products
and just find that
perfect fuel mix.
>>REGINA: Yeah some
people do better on fish.
Others do better on meat.
On red meat.
>>VOLYNSKY: We're all
different biochemically,
there's not one diet
that suits one person.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: And we all have
different lifestyles too.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: It has to be
really truly-- like what
you do with living foods and
with high-vibrational foods,
you get closer to your natural
state of high vibration.
You're able to hear the messages
your body and your higher self
gives you of what you need.
What your body--
>>REGINA: Yes because
you're more sensitized then.
>>VOLYNSKY: Because
then you're not
listening to a nutritionist,
and a doctor, and a TV,
and a commercial.
You're listening to yourself.
And this is one of the
most important factors
that living foods
bring into your life.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
One final little topic.
It's not little.
Most people have
struggled with this.
We are naturally
drawn, as a species,
to things that are sweet.
It used to be in ancient times,
it was a draw for survival.
The sweet things were
safe, the bitter things
were not necessarily safe.
So this is innate to us.
And we find it in our comfort
structure to want sweets.
But you are coming across
some low glycemic options
that are not as well known.
A lot of us know about Stevia,
but don't like the aftertaste.
A lot of us know
about coconut sugar,
for example, which is good.
It's a good low glycemic
index sweetener.
>>VOLYNSKY: But still sugar.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But there are a couple others.
And maybe just to
finish the topic,
talk about what we can do
to keep a little sweetness
in the mix of all of this
and not damage the body.
>>VOLYNSKY: Absolutely.
And life has to be sweet.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>VOLYNSKY: And I love sweets.
And I like having fun.
And it's always been my
passion to find things
that you can use every day
and have enjoyment still.
So for most of
people, we've been
overusing the sugar,
that's just part of it.
And to get back
into the balance,
you need to find options that
will not throw your blood
sugar off and help you
get to a place of healing.
And then you can use
sparingly high glycemic things
like honey, and dates,
and like natural things.
But to get to that
place, there's
some great low glycemic
options that you can use.
Obviously one is Stevia.
People don't like that.
The other one that I
found a few years ago
is a Japanese product
called Lakanto
and it's a mix of erythritol.
>>REGINA: Erythritol?
>>VOLYNSKY: Erythritol.
This is an alcohol sugar, but
it is naturally fermented.
And it is easier
on digestive track.
Its cousin is Xylitol.
And Xylitol is a
lot of times made
using hydrogenation processes.
And a lot of people don't
like how it makes them feel.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>VOLYNSKY: There's a little
bit of digestive stress.
So erythritol seems to be
easier on the digestive track.
And Lakanto is erythritol
and monk fruit extract.
Monk fruit extract is actually--
>>REGINA: Monk fruit, most
people aren't familiar with.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah,
this is actually
going to be the new big
player, you will see.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
OK.
>>VOLYNSKY: In a year or
so, because more of it
could be coming in here.
It's an Asian fruit
from China that
is a national treasure in China.
And it's 300 times
sweeter than sugar.
And the sweetness doesn't
come from fructose or sucrose.
It comes from antioxidants.
And the antioxidants
are called mongrosides.
Those are a specific
type of antioxidants.
So you actually get antioxidant
activity and sweetness.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>VOLYNSKY: So it's a
very amazing sweetener.
When it's really well done,
it's neutral in taste.
And it's also really sweet.
You only need just a tiny bit.
>>REGINA: Now you also
involved in with a lot
of the people that
are chocolatiers,
but in the natural chocolate
using raw cacao movement.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's being
used in some of them, which
is really exciting.
Now are those on your website?
>>VOLYNSKY: Yes, those
are on my website.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>VOLYNSKY: And you
can check it out.
>>REGINA: Because
I want people to be
able to connect with
the sweet stuff, too.
>>VOLYNSKY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And I thank you
so much for taking the time
to talk with us.
There's much, much more in
your book, I mean, obviously.
But that just gives
us a little taste
of some of the
real basics that we
need to take into consideration.
So highly recommend anybody
pick up a copy of your book.
You and Wade both did a
really good job on it.
Thank you so much for your time.
>>VOLYNSKY: And thank
you for having us.
>>REGINA: Katrine
definitely walks her talk.
You can see it in her shiny
skin and sparkling eyes.
I found "Staying Alive
in a Toxic World"
to be incredibly
clear and useful.
And it doesn't overwhelm you
with data after more data.
Just practical knowledge.
You can pick up a copy
at katrinevolynsky.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]